docs: update teleport event handler service instructions (#43885)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/start-event-handler.mdx

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="Linux server">
Copy the `teleport-event-handler.toml` file to `/etc` on your Linux server.
Update the settings within the `toml` file to match your environment. Make sure to

> use fully qualified paths on setting such as `identity` and `storage`. Files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use absolute paths on settings such as `identity` and `storage`. Files
```
